== v0.23.0 [2012-05-17] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Add a convenience method to Mongrel2::Handler for fetching its
  associated config object.
- Fix typos in m2sh.rb's exception handler
- Bumping dependency on Loggability to 0.2.


== v0.22.1 [2012-05-07] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Fix loggability dependency version.


== v0.22.0 [2012-05-07] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Convert to Loggability for logging.
- Add an option to bin/m2sh.rb to rewrite the mongrel2 port of a host
  on the fly at startup.


== v0.21.0 [2012-04-23] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Rename the defaults for Mongrel2::Config.
  This was changed to conform with Configurability's defaults API. The
  old name was aliased to the new for backward-compatibility.
- Add a Mongrel2::HTTPRequest#remote_ip method. This should support
  both the current Mongrel (1.7.5) and the future plan for appended
  X-Forwarded-For headers. [mahlon]


== v0.20.3 [2012-04-12] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix a require in mongrel2/testing.
- Assume paths passed to configure( :configdb ) should use SQLite.
- Move the "other implementations" section to the bottom of the README.
- Set API docs to use fivefish if available


== v0.20.2 [2012-04-10] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix Mongrel2::Config.dbname.


== v0.20.1 [2012-03-28] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix dependencies and the spec that fails when you run against the
  version of Sequel I was trying to fix in the previous release.


== v0.20.0 [2012-03-28] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix the config DB for Sequel 3.34.

Note: This fix includes several API changes

- Mongrel2::Config.adapter_method is now .sqlite_adapter, and just
  returns the name of the appropriate adapter instead of a Method
  object that returns a Sequel::Database.
- Mongrel2::Config.pathname is now .dbname, and returns either a URI
  or a String, depending on how the database handle was created.

These changes also will make it easier to use alternative
configuration databases, e.g., when I get the PostgreSQL config
module working, it'll be easier to point the config model at it.


== v0.19.0 [2012-03-28] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Make HTTPResponse default to a 200 status if there's a body.


== v0.18.0 [2012-03-28] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Make the 'handler' DSL directive replace any existing handler with
  its send_ident.
- Add a validation to ensure that handler configs have unique send/recv
  specs and IDs.


== v0.17.0 [2012-03-18] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Squelch logging of expected SQL errors.
  Errors are normal during Mongrel2::Config.db= and
  .database_initialized?, so add a new .without_sql_logging method for
  temporarily disabling SQL logging, and wrap that around the methods
  in quesion.
- Fix documentation for WebSocket#validate_control_frame


== v0.16.0 [2012-03-10] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Add WebSocket (RFC6455) support


== v0.15.1 [2012-03-02] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Make sure Mongrel2::Config::Host deletes cascade to their routes
- Init the database outside of the transaction in the "server" DSL
  method
- Remove the SAFE test from the request-dumper example
- Correct the line number of errors in configs loaded from m2sh.rb
- Log SQL to the logger at DEBUG level


== v0.15.0 [2012-02-27] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix the Mongrel2::Config::Server.by_uuid dataset method to return a
  dataset instead of the instance.


== v0.14.0 [2012-02-27] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Add an alias for #headers -> #header to Mongrel2::Request and
  Mongrel2::HTTPResponse.
- Add an OPTIONS request factory method to the Mongrel2::RequestFactory


== v0.13.0 [2012-02-24] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix the ZMQ socket identifier used by Connection.
- Add missing slash in the control socket URI
- Add an argument so the helloworld handler can use another config DB
- Fix handling of NO CONTENT (204) responses.
  * Don't set a Content-type header
  * Omit the body even if there is one
  * Set the content-length to 0


== v0.12.0 [2012-02-17] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Add bodiless response predicate to Mongrel2::HTTPResponse.
- Add #put and #delete factory methods to the Mongrel2::RequestFactory.
- Flesh out docs for the Filter config class.


== v0.11.0 [2012-02-15] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Make the DSL declarations replace existing records.
- Flesh out the documentation for the DSL
- Provide convenience methods for resetting an HTTP request's
  Content-type and Content-encoding headers.


== v0.10.0 [2012-02-06] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

This release includes updates for Mongrel 1.8 and finishes up the m2sh.rb tool.

- New config class: Mongrel2::Config::Filter
- New DSL directive inside a 'server' section: 'filter'
- New methods:
  * Mongrel2::Config.settings
  * Mongrel2::Server
    - #control_socket_uri
	- #control_socket
	- #pid_file_path
- Added a new Mongrel2::Constants::DEFAULT_CONTROL_SOCKET constant
- Finished implementation of the rest of the m2sh commands in the ruby
  analog
- Adding a "sudo" option to m2sh.rb to start the server as root
- Enable the json_serializer plugin for the config ORM classes
- Backing out the change to HTTPResponse to use the @body ivar: changed
  the negotiation


== v0.9.2 [2011-10-12] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Bugfix: dup instead of clone to get rid of frozen status.


== v0.9.1 [2011-10-12] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Bugfix: use a dup of the default content-type constant instead 
of the String itself.


== v0.9.0 [2011-10-12] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix Mongrel2::Table not duping/cloning its internal values.
- Set a default Content-type header in HTTP responses


== v0.8.0 [2011-10-12] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Split out the normalization of HTTP response headers into two
  methods for overriding.


== v0.7.0 [2011-10-09] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Add an optional #request attribute to Mongrel2::Response and make
  Response.from_request set it. This is to make things like content-
  negotiation less of a pain in the ass.
- Log request and response both at INFO.


== v0.6.0 [2011-10-03] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Mongrel2::HTTPRequest enhancements.
- Added #body= for rewriting the entity body
- Added convenience methods for fetching the Content-type and Content-
  encoding headers: #content_type, #content_encoding
- Switched the specs to use Mongrel2::RequestFactory for making
  request objects


== v0.5.0 [2011-09-30] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Enhancements:
- Added support for POST and HEAD requests to Mongrel2::RequestFactory.


== v0.4.0 [2011-09-27] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Additions:
- Added Mongrel2::Config::Server.by_uuid( uuid )


== v0.3.1 [2011-09-27] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Bugfix:
- Measure the content-length of HTTPResponse in bytes, not characters.
- Log unhandled disconnect notices as INFO instead of WARN

Enhancements:
- Made a stringified connection show the useful parts of the inspect
  output


== v0.3.0 [2011-09-23] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Mongrel2::Client fixes/documentation updates.
- Include FileUtils in the 'm2sh.rb load' context so configs 
  loaded by it can create run/log directories, etc.
- Mongrel2::Connection: Set SO_LINGER on the sockets so 
  closing the connection doesn't wait for unconsumed events.
- Add missing include to Mongrel2::Handler


== v0.2.4 [2011-09-21] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Added a cleaned-up Mongrel2::Response#inspect like
  Mongrel2::Request.
- Correct body size in inspected request/response output.


== v0.2.3 [2011-09-21] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Change the default response status from '200 OK' to '204 No Content'


== v0.2.2 [2011-09-19] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Packaging fix


== v0.2.1 [2011-09-19] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Add missing HTTP::CONTINUE constant.


== v0.2.0 [2011-09-18] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Factor out the generically-useful RSpec helper functions into
  mongrel2/testing.rb and add a RequestFactory.
- Fix object ID in inspect output, clean up inspected Request/Response
  objects.
- Tightened up the mongrel2.org DSL example, remove the accidentally-
  committed adminserver part.
- Request dumper now runs under $SAFE = 1
- Revert examples back to using examples.sqlite
- Added a bit of CSS to the examples
- Config DSL: directory: Default the index file to index.html


== v0.1.2 [2011-09-16] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Fixed some header problems in Mongrel2::HTTPResponse:

- Re-calculate content-length and date headers on each render.
- Don't clear headers passed to the constructor.


== v0.1.1 [2011-11-14] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Update dependency to rbzmq-2.1.4 for ZMQ::Error.


== v0.1.0 [2011-11-14] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Memoize Mongrel2::Request#response, and add Mongrel2::Request.response_class to
allow for easy overriding of the response type.


== v0.0.2 [2011-11-13] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Added a shim to work around lack of ZMQ::Error in zmq-2.1.3.


== v0.0.1 [2011-09-12] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Initial release.

